Code outline for final project

#Extract repeat domains from full AA sequence of human MUC16  -- done with blast, will be automated later if time
  Find indecies of repeat domains through alignment -- done with blast
  Extract repeat domains into individual AA seqences -- done, see subsetfasta.jl

#Create a concensus sequence of one of the 156AA repeat domains from the 64 in human MUC16:
  Take set of 64 156AA sequences, and find the 'average' sequence to use as a repeat template
  Identify set of most conserved AA loci for future conformational evaluation
  
  **I cannot find a package that does this in Julia, so I'm wondering if I can take this on as one of the main goals for my project. The goal would be to develop a function in Julia that takes in a file (fasta) with multiple versions of the same sequence. I would then go over each position and find the most common amino acid, and come up with an average sequence. I could also do some evaluation to score how conserved a certain residue is, by counting the number of repeats that it was present in as a percentage of all the repeats. That would identify structurally/functionally important residues. These could be compared to other species, or cancerous samples.
  
#Create phylogeny of these 64
  Compare distances between each sequence, and create a distance matrix
  use this distance matrix to make a phylogenetic tree



If there is time:

#Write a function that takes an amino acid sequence of MUC16 from another organism, and aligns it with the concensus repeat sequence from the human
  take two AA seqences (reference and sample) and aligns them.
    Get the indecies of the aligned regions from the sample sequence.
    Subset the sample sequence into individual repeat sequences based on those indecies
    Add these to the distance matrix from above, and create phylogenetic tree
    
#Compare alosteric differences between amino acid sequences
  Using the one pdb file of a section of a repeat domain of MUC16 (mouse) compare this AA sequence to each other repeat sequence
  note any changes in well conserved-AA, or in AA identified as important in the liturature.
  Visualize differences by highlighting changed AA in pdb file viewer (pymol or julia alternative?)
  
    
